High in this lecture I would like to show you how to install open CD on Windows.
I think if you have Linux operating system it is quite easy.
First of all it's quite easy to search on the Web how to install it.
But with the help of the Coleman line abt pseudo once so one it's much more convenient and on Windows
on Windows you have to type that download open CD.
OK.
We have the downloads and I think that we are able to download the open CD from sourceforge.
So if you click on the open C-v for Windows or download open you will start in four seconds.
So the open CD is going to be downloaded as you can see there's the open CD.
I have already have open CD on my system so I'm not going to install it I just show you that you have
to double click as you can see there's the X extension.
So you just have to double click it and the Windows operating system is going to install it for you
basically.
What's very important that after the installation process we have this sad path as usual as we have
seen for other JDK and so on.
So I guess it is going to be downloaded in seconds.
OK.
Right click open for other.
And this is the open CVB are looking for.
OK so we have to double click it open see the it's going to be extracted to see user's user downloads.
OK.
OK and after it has been unsaved let's search for open see as you can see if you are going to have an
open see the folder.
And here we will have the bill basically.
And then first of all maybe I'm going to copy and paste it because I don't like to store my stuff in
the download so I'm going to cut this open C.V folder and I'm going to navigate to the program files.
I'm going to I'm going to paste it here.
OK.
So it's going to be in C program files and you have to navigate to that build.
And then as usual and you have to copy this part so see Program Files open see the building on my machine
and I'm going to search for the environmental variables.
So let's search for the environmental variables.
So ready for that.
My operating system speaks Hungarian.
But you have to search for in the settings that will have the CCed tools networking and internet connections
security and something like this and you search for the environmental variety obols modification and
you will get something like this.
We did.
And environmental variables.
And we are looking for the Parthiv south.
So we have to clean the path so we have to modify it.
We have to click on the new one.
It is the Windows operating system so it's a bit more convenient than doing it on Windows 8 or Windows
7 or something like this.
And you have to pace that so you will have the C program files open see the build.
Been on the past basically as you can see I have already did it with Java JDK.
I have read that the data were just way too wide.
Fly server with the Java runtime environment Wiedmaier skew server.
So this is the standard case.
You install something and you update the environmental variables and you set it to the path.
OK so that's click OK let's click OK.
And it means that the open CV is on the path.
If you navigate to the console so command line and I think we are able to narrow that path.
OK I have several items on the path such as the wild fly as we have discussed Apache Mavor in Java runtime
environment and as you can see after we have updated the classpath there's going to be the program files
open see the build been on the classpath So this is how we setup open see the answer.
Watching.